docs: document workflow loop guardrails (#7097)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/workflows/steps/flow-control-steps.md

## `foreach` [foreach]

> Iterate over an array, running nested steps once per item. Inside the loop, the current item is available as `foreach.item`, the zero-based position as `foreach.index`, and the total count as `foreach.total`. Use `max-iterations`, `timeout`, `on-failure`, and `if` to guard the loop as a whole; use `iteration-timeout` and `iteration-on-failure` to guard each iteration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Iterate over an array, running nested steps once per item. Inside the loop, the current item is available as `foreach.item`, the zero-based position as `foreach.index`, and the total count as `foreach.total`. It also supports guardrails to cap iterations, set timeouts, and handle failures.
```

See comment on https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/7097/changes#r3472914184

## `while` [while]

> Loop while a KQL condition evaluates to true. The `max-iterations` field caps the number of iterations and defaults to **2000**. The default `on-limit` behavior is `continue`, which means the step succeeds quietly when the cap is reached. To fail the workflow on the cap instead, use the object form with `on-limit: fail`. Like `foreach`, `while` also supports loop-level `timeout`, `on-failure`, and `if`, plus per-iteration `iteration-timeout` and `iteration-on-failure`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Loop while a KQL condition evaluates to true. The `max-iterations` field caps the number of iterations and defaults to **2000**. The default `on-limit` behavior is `continue`, which means the step succeeds quietly when the cap is reached. To fail the workflow on the cap instead, use the object form with `on-limit: fail`. Like `foreach`, it also supports loop-level guardrails and per-iteration controls.
```

In an overview, listing every field tends to drift out of sync with the reference. Since each blurb already links the full step reference, I trimmed the enumerations to a
one-line nod. Ref: https://www.elastic.co/docs/contribute-docs/content-types/overviews
